Update zq to v0.14.0 and prep for v0.10.0 (#838)
brimsec/brim: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.10.0
* Update zq to [v0.14.0](https://github.com/brimsec/zq/releases/tag/v0.14.0)

> * Update Zeek to [v3.2.0-dev-brim2](https://github.com/brimsec/zeek/releases/tag/v3.2.0-dev-brim2). This release runs faster on Windows, but also makes it such that pcap import no longers on macOS versions prior to 10.14. (#819)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update Zeek to [v3.2.0-dev-brim2](https://github.com/brimsec/zeek/releases/tag/v3.2.0-dev-brim2), with the following platform specific changes:
   * Windows: importing pcaps is much faster than previous releases.
   * macOS: importing pcaps no longer works on macOS versions prior to 10.14. (#819).
   * Linux: support importing pcapng formatted captures.
```

> * Update Zeek to [v3.2.0-dev-brim2](https://github.com/brimsec/zeek/releases/tag/v3.2.0-dev-brim2). This release runs faster on Windows, but also makes it such that pcap import no longers on macOS versions prior to 10.14. (#819)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Update Zeek to [v3.2.0-dev-brim2](https://github.com/brimsec/zeek/releases/tag/v3.2.0-dev-brim2). This release runs faster on Windows, but also makes it such that pcap import no longer works on macOS versions prior to 10.14. (#819)
```
